I have probably somewhere in the
neighborhood of 60 something photographs
of things on Mars that are clearly alien
is it possible that there was a
civilization on Mars thousands of years
ago when did you start to believe there
was uh life on Mars well you saw the
square yeah that square on Mars from
that yes that's real Is that real that's
real that's 3 ft long and that Bigg
around that was taken on Mars that's
laying on Mars these pyramidal places
are like hibernation Chambers they're
trying to survive until somebody comes
to save them wow that's amazing that's
not the coolest thing that's so cool
though you're saying that you remote
viewed a pyramid on Mars a million years
ago know that feeling when you're
exploring a new city or a new country
and suddenly you realize you're out of
data or stuck with one of those
overpriced local SIM cards well that
used to be my travel story until I
discovered s the amazing sponsor of
today's video imagine downloading one
app installing your eim just once and
then being connected to over 180
countries with affordable plans that
wipe out those crazy roaming fees
whether you're hopping between cities or
traveling across regions SES got you
covered I personally remember one trip
where I was stranded at the airport with
zero wifi in sight instead of scrambling
for a sketchy Sim I simply opened the s
app chose a plan plan and was back
online instantly no lines no scams just
seamless connectivity so here's the deal
if you're planning your next adventure
do yourself a favor and download the s
app get an exclusive 15% discount on s
data plans use code American Alchemy at
checkout download the s app or go to
s.com American Alchemy from there you
can scan the QR code on your screen or
head over to the link on the pinned
comment on this video Stay Connected
save time and travel smart with s happy
travels and thanks for
listening I'm here with the legendary
Joseph mcmonagle uh you are known as
remote viewer number one and in my mind
you are sort of the archetypal remote
viewer as part of the Stargate program
uh I I think you're as or more gifted
than any psychic in the world and uh
you've developed uh some some open
source protocols that you now Teach as
well you won the Legion of Merit uh for
over 200 instances in which you added to
Military Intelligence you've saved
countless lives and so thank you for
your service and thank you for having me
here I am honored to be here of course
you're welcome thank you man well let's
get into it I think a lot of people when
it comes to the psychic question uh they
wonder if it's just this innate thing
you're born with or whether it's trained
well everybody's born with it it what
you have to understand is if you went
back 400,000 years we didn't we didn't
even have language so the typical
grouping of people was a family unit it
would be like 12 to 15 people you know
from the older all the way down to the
youngest and we couldn't we actually
didn't have a language we couldn't speak
to one another we started out grunting
and pointing
so the men did the hunting and the women
did the Gathering back in those days so
you were at high risk just doing either
one of those because the animals were
extremely dangerous so if there were six
men eight men circling an animal for a
kill they had to know what each each one
of them was doing and if they were in
the right place and doing the right
thing the same thing with the women if
they were out gathering in a place where
they were looking for roots let's say
and it was tall grass and a saber-tooth
tiger came into that grass you couldn't
see it but instinctively just like you
see deer doing today all the women's
heads would come up and they'd all look
in that direction and start backing into
a crowd because there's more defense in
a crowd so it's almost like with the
development of writing and other senses
that have become more emphasized in
modernity we have lost this innate
ability to communicate with nature and
through Instinct think of it this way
eventually one family unit met another
family unit they decide to share the
same cave so you're sitting in the cave
and you're strong point is that you can
actually almost read somebody's mind in
other words you're reading other human
beings because you've been doing it your
whole life and you're just starting to
develop a language so you send it to
fire and the guy across from you is a
new stranger first time you've ever had
a stranger sitting there and he's kind
of ooing your spear you know like oh man
that's a good looking spear you pick
that up he's a dead
man he starts checking your woman out
you know so that didn't work so mother
nature does what it always does when it
has to fix something it probably
installed a an early filter or something
kind maybe it was in the colossum where
the Mind interchanges information yeah
the Corpus colossum which divides the
left and right exactly so it it probably
did that in order to just slow it down a
little bit make it little more harder to
perceive well that's interesting have
you heard of Julian Janes you know uh
the origins well he talks about the
bamal mind and the origins of
Consciousness and how there's a
splitting between left and right brain
and the Corpus colossum is that sort of
splitting and when you think about
schizophrenia it deals with anomalies in
the Corpus colossum and Kim Peak who's a
famous he's the inspiration for Rainman
actually had
sephtis and that allowed him seemingly
to download all of this information as
if it was from the cloud or something
and so there it does seem like there's a
a part of that brain which divides the
left and right brain when actually
hindered allows for more downloads yeah
we did a lot of studies uh when I went
from the Army into the the uh research
lab we did a lot of studies while doing
remote viewing and it turns out there
were a lot of things we discovered some
of them were uh there are actual brain
cells throughout the nervous system so
if you want to talk about mind you have
to talk about the entire body now
because the entire brain is in the
nervous system and it's also in the head
in the skull your senses are exquisitly
sensitive for a lot of stuff but we
don't pay any attention to it because if
we have a problem we go see a doctor or
we look it up in a book or
whatever uh we didn't have to have that
instant understanding for what was going
on so it atrophies naturally and right
what I find really interesting is I
don't know if you're tracking this but
one of the number one podcasts in the
country right now something called the
telepathy tapes and it's nonverbal often
autistic children who have extremely
high rates of Clairvoyance and so one
has to wonder is there opportunity cost
with the language that we have developed
and when you're not relying on that
language do you revert back to a more
primordial form of communication well it
brings Consciousness into an arena where
you no longer are sensing the
surroundings or the situ it's called
situational awareness your focus is
taken off of that and it's into how
you're going to communicate what you
feel about the person across from you
what you're sensing from them so you the
the warning system that was very
functional 200,000 years ago becomes
more
dysfunctional well you take somebody and
put them in combat for a lot or you put
a policeman on the beat at night alone
or firemen's in a building on fire they
got to know when to like back out of
that fire cuz the building's going to
collapse or where not to go in the alley
because it's an ambush so you become
more situationally aware about the
entire area around you instead of just
where you're sitting when do you first
recall as a child being like okay maybe
I'm kind of good on this sort of psychic
stuff uh when they decided some of the
gangs in the area decided they needed me
as a token white
kid that didn't work for me to literally
mentally Scout what might happen to them
or something well it was more of a I
didn't feel comfortable with people that
I
know might have not liked me as much as
the other kids or were waiting for me to
be alone with my change from going to
the store for my mother or something you
know it it it it became a danger for me
in many cases just going to the store
because I had that $5 bill in my pocket
or something that kind of thing do you
remember any specific instances where
you got some download as as as a child
and your as a child yeah you knew
something was going to happen before it
did
or not so much specific instances I just
remember being alert all the time and
hearing voices sometimes that would tell
me don't do this don't do that
interesting or back off you know don't
go down that road go down this road and
I remember we were on the phone one time
and you you were talking about just
shamanic Traditions generally in the
beginning the people who kept small
tribes of humans alive were Shaman and
often shamans from like a physical
perspective wouldn't be the most
adaptive they might be sickly or
protected actually by the the group by
the tribe right uh but extremely from
like a group selection level extremely
adaptive for the tribe because they're
essential for for for scouting what
might kind of come around the bed well
the shamans make all the decisions I
mean they notice things like a a black
bird lands on a certain limb and faces a
certain way and it means something to
them but only because it's tied to maybe
what the weather's going to do but
they're not they're not observant enough
to know the weather's changing but they
are observant enough to notice the black
birds so they they sort of
superstitiously anchor things being
caused by the environment that relates
to changes and things that are going to
be
dangerous fascinating yeah so what point
do you get recruited for the
military in the military you mean for
remote viewing no I mean generally see
you were in Vietnam am I wrong yeah but
my first
tour uh when I joined the military my
original
uh AIT Advanced indidual individual
training was for a thing called The
Sidewinder it was a track mounted uh six
106 recalls rifle barrels and they used
them for anti-tank and bunker busting
that sort of thing so I actually wanted
that I when I first joined I wanted to
fly fixed Wing but I couldn't because I
had a problem with my eyes for depth
perception so they said you can't fly
with glasses so pick another MOS so
military occupational specialty so I
picked the Sidewinder because I really
thought it was
cool so I I went eight weeks to AIT for
that and as soon as I graduated
everybody got sent to Vietnam except me
they held me back and said the armies
decided to uh decided to obsolete your
weapon system they're going to turn it
all over to the South Vietnamese Army so
you need to find another job so go out
in the on the base and find something
you like so I spent two days walking
around the base and it's a training base
it was Fort Jackson South
Carolina so one afternoon I wouldn't
find anything iik so one afternoon I
went to the Beer Hall which was
connected to the PX so since it's a
training
facility it was empty it's just me in
there and I was drinking a beer they
they sered 3.2 beer there it's terrible
stuff but I was drinking a beer by
myself and this man came in a civilian
with a beard and he he sat way across
the room and I said why are you way over
there why did you come over here and sit
with me and we could talk so he came
over and he said why aren't you in
training and I explained to him what I
was doing and he said well maybe I can
help he gave me his card but on his card
all he had was his name on one side and
his phone number on the other so I
called him the next day and he told me
how to get to his office and he was
working in a
trailer and so when I went in the
trailer I found out that he was a guy
who was in
intelligence and I asked him is there
any openings in intelligence and he said
there could be he said but fouryear
commitment is not long enough you have
to have a six-year commitment cuz it
takes takes a long time to
train so I said well I can't how do you
do that so he gave me a short discharge
and I realized for six years which was
crazy back then and uh got picked up for
intelligence and sent to school I went
to school for 16 months I went through
three classes the first one 130 people I
graduated second in the class that's
amazing so what on what criteria
this was all about radios okay learning
to operate all you know Chinese radios
Russian radios American radios all those
kinds of things so you're pretty
technically Savvy no I wasn't okay
that's what the training is for and the
problem was um International Morse code
I had to learn International Morse code
and I had to learn to send it and
receive it with a pencil and a open j28
key and I had to be able to do that at
20 wordss a
minute 20 words a minute it's fast and I
got to 10 and I was getting closer and
closer to graduation date and if I
couldn't get past 12 I wouldn't graduate
I'd become a what they call a 11b grunt
with a rifle you know where you go when
you're a grunt with a rifle so I went to
the I went out through a hole in the
fence to a hotel downtown in the local
town and shot pool and drank beer all
night
came back I was late for class I went
into the classroom and sat down and the
instructor came over and he he did one
of these oh my God where have you
been and I told him I said I can't can't
do this and he put the headsets on me
handed me the key and said you're going
to have to or you're going to Vietnam so
I passed 10 12 15 20 uh 15 18
22 that day in like two hours something
popped in my head wow and it's just like
a language to me now so but even there
you're showing this ability to learn
with you're saying you're not
technically Savvy but under certain you
know duress it's like a language though
you know if you have to translate things
in your head while you're listening you
you're not really learning the language
yeah it's when you automatically know
what the person's saying in that
language that's learning the language
it's interesting I was talking to this
woman named Dr Diane Powell who studies
a lot of these non-verbal children and
she was saying that the Mind itself is a
sense and I didn't quite understand what
she meant by that but you're kind of
corroborating that yeah because you have
to understand everything about your
senses is a conscious sensing your mind
is telling you what these things like
your eyes your ears your nose are
telling you about the World At Large the
problem is you're locked inside a bone
box
right so all this out here is just the
figment of your imagination that your
mind has put together yeah so the eyes
alone to give you an example the eyes
alone vibrate and we don't we don't know
we can't even tell it it's happening the
reason they vibrate is they're actually
giving you two different pictures with
big black holes in the middle because
the back of the eyeballs where the nerve
root connects so there's no rods and
cones there so to get rid of those big
black holes uh they it's called
dithering it produces a multitude of
pictures very quickly by vibrating the
eyes and it overlays and washes away the
black holes so then it combines the the
result and what you see is what your
mind has created out of all that
vibratory moving around and every so if
there's something in the room that you
detect test you may never see it m and
there's lots of stuff you can find on
the internet now like where they say you
know tell me how many times these two
guys pass a basketball and you're
focused on something else you're focused
on that and and when the film's over
they they'll say something did you see
the 6'4 guy in the gorilla suit you go
get out of here have you ever heard the
term flicker rate does that mean
anything to you yeah it means a lot to
me because because that has an effect as
well every all of our senses are not not
Exquisite can you explain flicker is to
the average person in the audience
flicker rate is
uh the existence of something is not uh
it's not fixed it's here gone here gone
here gone here gone and the eyes are
looking at something like the the area
that you're staring at
well that's a flicker rate too because
of the multiple vibrations and the rep
picturing of it and so th if those match
up perfectly syn it's probable that
you're not going to see anything there
it's there when you're not seeing seeing
not there not seeing there the flicker
rates are off interesting so it's almost
like a frame rate in a camera or
something yeah like exactly you've seen
pictures of helicopters where it looks
like the blade's not moving and it just
lifts off the ground mhm that's a
flicker rate the the prop spin is
exactly the same as the actual frame
rate of the camera so it's freeze
framing the prop only in that position
all the time and given that you're
getting these sort of disperate images
that your mind has to sort of reconcile
yes it it it almost feels like um
whatever symbolic conventions you have
in your mind somehow defines what you
see and those are developed culturally
from birth what everybody's told you
reality is constructed like it's all the
things that have worked up to that point
and there's a lot of things you will
never see because you just simply don't
process it right uh it would be like if
someone has never seen a violent act in
their life and they're sitting next to a
table where a guy is shot and killed the
guy just simply shoots him drops a gun
puts his hands in his pockets and
strolls out there can be eight people
watch that happen and half of them will
not have seen it right so because it's
too traumatic what you're almost saying
is that reality itself might be like
radically
subjective it is radically subjective
it's what we intend to see or need to
see or feel like we can deal with and so
your intention somehow is super
fundamental to what you actually see or
your your attention either of those but
but even worse it's the same with the
ears it's the same with the uh taste and
smell smell is pretty powerful though
because smell goes right to the brain it
does not mess around with you know being
manipulated in any way well the old
factory region is right next to the
hippocampus so it's very nostalgic
sense when you when you smell the
saber-tooth tiger you could bet it's
there oh yeah yeah but you may not
recognize the smell but smelling it
causes you to to freeze frame MH and say
something's wrong I can't go any further
I need to back out of here M that's
because the smeller just told you it's
there but you have not cognitively known
that yet so you find yourself going
through the tests for intelligence and
passing with flying colors especially
under duress I was I was in the top
three of all three classes that I went
through that I went from the class of
130 I was second in the class so I went
in another class had 25 people and I was
first in that class then I went to a
class with five people I was the only
one in
uniform and I graduated first in that
class so everybody went off the Viet n
and they retained me for like two weeks
uh one day they came in and took all my
uniforms away and sent me to uh
Lynchburg Massachusetts with
$500 said buy clothes so I bought a
whole lot of clothes in a suitcase came
back and then the next day they put me
on a
C130 at an in an Airbase close by and I
made I think nine stops at night and I
was in charge of two big pallets of
classified material so I had to release
it to the proper people with the right
credentials and the last stop we made
was one box and they said take that with
you and I got off the plane and the
plane took off and I was standing
looking at a very short runway in the
middle of nowhere there was a shack made
out of metal and I sat on this log
because there was nobody else there and
it was warm and wet and over on the left
the water was like pale blue and on the
right it was deep purple and that Island
went off in both directions as far as
you could see but none of it was wider
than three football fields so it's like
a Sho string and I said where in the
heck am I and uh a guy pulled up in a
baby blue Jeep wearing shorts white
T-shirt and flip FP flops and he walked
over and he said are you Joe and I said
yeah and he said I'm your boss my name's
s and I was on a Luther in the Bahamas
that's my first tour was 18 months
within a whisper jet where I grew up and
so your initial job is transporting
classified material or what was it no I
can't even talk about my initial job
okay my my cover was airc rescue
interesting so it but it it was
interesting cuz I was a lifeguard uh Red
Cross lifeguard I could instruct people
on how to swim and half the unit
couldn't swim and we were supposed to be
saving people W so I taught people who
couldn't swim how to swim but that was
covered for something else
right that's like a a weird movie or
something sitcom or
something and and it turns out there was
a man there who uh he was a diver and he
used to clean the legs of uh oil wells
out in the Gulf of Mexico until he got
sucked into the mouth of a fish once it
scared him so bad you know a big grouper
that's the size of a Volkswagen just
when they open their mouth creates a
vacuum ah and he was cleaning the legs
of this uh this big floating platform
with a
steam uh wand and this grouper was very
curious so it came up behind him and it
opened its mouth and he got sucked
backwards into this fish mouth oh my God
and it it didn't hurt him or anything it
just he got stuck in his grouper mouth
Jesus and he spit him out finally and it
frightened him so bad he quit his
job it was rehired by uh the downrange
people at Cape canaval to clean the
connectors on underwater cables it was
pretty Gnar man speaking of gnarly and
intense you fell out of a helicopter no
I didn't fall out what happened were you
pushed out that was in latter part of '
67 we had these helicopters that had
special jobs they did and we had three
of them and they were special because we
put they put larger engines in them and
we had electronic equipment mounted in
them that did certain things which was
classified
but it it really hurt the enemy what we
were doing it took them about two months
figure out what we were doing and they
took out all three helicopters in 10
days and I was in one of those and we
were coming into the PLU City to
land and as we if in Vietnam because of
the heat a helicopter can't just lift
off and land unless it's in a higher
elevation because the air is too warm
so at PLU City you would take off like a
plane you start moving down the runway
and lift off the same with Landing so we
were Landing this one day coming off a
mission and uh they said they call our
number and yell break right break right
and we rolled over to the right and this
big bomber came in all shot up so we had
to wait till they cleared the runway so
we went out over the trees just outside
the runway and we're hovering there cuz
it was
cooler so because it was cool we had the
front doors open and I was sitting on
the open side to the outside with my
feet on the SK I was just being cool in
both both ways cool sitting there and
cool from the
air and uh we got hit right in the belly
with an RPG and it blew the helicopter
up it
fireballed and I woke up on the ground
um Jesus basically I got blown out fell
probably a little over 100 feet the
trees and like he survived I landed in
in the sitting position you know just
bang with my legs out
sat my I could see my rifle in front of
me it was Dusk and the Ford Observer who
saw that happen radioed back that
uh uh
he didn't think there were any survivors
he said nobody could have survived that
cuz it
fireballed but since we had all the
doors open everybody was blown out of
the helicopter nobody
died but people were really messed up
that's a a miracle that you survive well
I tried to reach for my gun and the pain
made me pass out because I had
compression fractures from my jaw to my
butt ah your spine must have been just
completely messed up oh it was and and
your nerves as a result of that so I I
couldn't get to my gun so I I found a
big rock and I pulled my boot knife out
rolled under a bush and lay there all
night and you could hear people in the
brush poking around so I think it was uh
VC or somebody looking for us VC Viet
Kong yeah so the next morning they found
me and took me to the mass unit put me
in traction and they uh put these screws
in my skull and hung wire with springs
with these heavy sandbags and I was on
this cot and I was like that for maybe
not quite two
weeks and when when you're stretched out
like that you become very relaxed it
takes a lot of the pain away but then
they came in one morning and the nurse
said you're going to we're going to have
to get you out of here because we have a
a lot of people coming in we need the
room so they took me out of traction and
I'll tell you the one thing you never
want to experience yeah is when your
spine's been stretched for like 10 days
or so and then you swing your feet off
the cot and stand up everything goes
back into
place you don't want to know what that's
supp oh God man so I said I'm I'm still
hurting and they said here they hand me
a jar about the size of this cup full of
perco setes they said walk it off so I
took the perets and went back to the
unit Jesus man and I walked it off and
did you and you eventually recovered or
did did did that I didn't recover
completely but I recovered to the point
I could deal with it that's a true
Miracle do you think that that
experience uh that sort of trauma as a
result of that actually enhanced or
affected your psychic ability in any way
no it what want enhance my
ability I would hear things feel things
and I would just react to them without
actually thinking about it
um I'm looking for an example I was in a
place called uh two bits which was a
fire base and we got hit really hard one
night and they said your job while
you're here is if we come under attack
you go to the SEO the combat tactical
Operation Center and go inside the
bunker and run the radios being control
of the radios so when we were attacked I
took off went to the bunker and I took I
was going down the steps into the bunker
and I heard somebody yell freeze so I
stopped and I looked around and the
whole bunker disappeared just
vaporized some guy got in there with uh
probably a backpack of plastique and
blew it up so everybody in the bunker
was either killed or wounded Jesus and I
woke up 40 fet away face down in the mud
with a battle going on and found a hole
and crawled into it and uh stayed in the
hole hoping nobody got in a hole with me
for the rest of the night and when Dawn
came they broke contact and left and so
I uh got tagged for the I had flakes of
metal in me and I got tagged for going
back to the mass unit and having the
metal taken out but that's the kind of
thing you you hear things
you will stop like when you're in the
jungle you just stop because something
tells you not to go any further and when
that happens I I just go to ground I
just drop and hide well you seem more
tapped into that later than than anybody
and uh thank you for your service cuz I
think you're known for your service in
the psychic context more than you're you
know the fact that you're a combat
veteran but clearly you've gone through
a lot of pretty intense stuff I spent uh
well 13 years for sure overseas and if
you count temporary Duty probably a
little longer than that at what point
does the CIA become interested in
psychic spying and how do you get roped
into all well in
1972 uh Russell tar and uh Hal put off
Dr Hal put off uh wrote an article that
I think it was called nature
magazine then they wrote a book called
Mind reach and that got some
notoriety and uh so they met this guy he
was a uh police commissioner and he was
an older man he's
retired and he made a claim that he
could do psychic things so they tested
him and he could so they had him do a
remote what they called remote viewing
back there I don't think it was called
that it was called uh project scan eight
or something at the
beginning so they brought him in and one
of the targets he did he actually blew
the
target but he got something else when he
did it um the target was an old cabin in
the woods and it belonged to uh a SE CIA
man who was observing all this he he
brought the Target in uh because you got
to be completely blind so how put off
didn't know what starget was Russell tar
didn't know and neither did Pat price
only the CIA guy who brought it in and
he was not present during the viewing so
what pep price did is instead of
describing this old Cabin in the Woods
he described a clandestine site which
happened to be
fairly close to the cabin but over here
and when he described that they were
surprised and they asked him to tell
them about the inside and he started
talking about this is a clandestin site
there's a safes in here five five door
safes and they said look in one of the
safes and tell us what's in there so he
named he named the project names of like
three or four safes I safe files within
the top door of the safe it turns out
all that was true wow and when they
found out the CIA went whoa you know
this is really
fascinating so they came and they tested
him on a couple sites in
Russia uh areas in Russia which we knew
existed but could not get into and he
not only reported on them with accuracy
he talked about machinery and stuff
there like a big Tower and these things
they call gors these giant slices out of
a giant steel
container that that sort of thing and uh
they were obviously
testing uh controlled uh nuclear
reactions inside these steel spheres to
power lasers stuff like that if I'm
putting my skeptic hat on MH you know
somebody from the audience is hearing
this and they're saying you can get
inside safes and you can draw sensitive
you know Soviet sites what is protecting
our Q codes right now right nothing
really
really so so so basically anybody
engaging in psychic spying or remote
viewing can access the nuclear codes
yeah except that it's probably one in
2,000 people would have to be interested
trained for a lot of years to get to
that level and then you'd have to have a
natural capacity for it and most don't
and but that doesn't mean it can't be
used for intelligence purposes I can
take someone instruct them on uh how to
do remote
viewing and uh give them a Target that I
don't even know what it is it'll be in a
sealed envelope and they'll tell me
stuff about it that's that's valuable
you did this with me and a friend yeah
and my friend got it right and it
freaked us all out so I did I did a
program in Japan where I had a fourth
grade class in uh in the northern Island
kaido and I had a fourth grade class
down in uh kushu and I was in Tokyo and
we put a row of fast machines in and I
had a sealed envelope which nobody knew
it was in it under a red cloth on a
Podium and what what I did is I train
the two classes of kids in like 10
minutes on how to do a remote viewing
and then we had them do the remote
viewing and draw the first thing that
came in their mind and they faxed it in
and we posted all those returns so we
had 70 pictures on the
wall seven or eight of them at the
bottom were just lines just straight
lines just a mix a massive straight
lines everything above it almost 70
pictures were uh Stars everywhere you
could draw a star five-pointed star star
David asri stars six-pointed star I mean
every way you could possibly draw a star
these kids did that and there were a
multitude of different stars that were
alike wow and we pinned them all up on
the board and then after they all had
facted something in uh we went to a
commercial break when we came back I
pulled the f folder out the the yellow
folder out from under the red cloth cut
the end off and pulled the target out
and showed it to the kids on the
television and uh we had cameras in both
school school rooms what the target was
was a small aquarium with the starfish
stuff wow do you have this the kids went
crazy and this is televised yeah that's
amazing 31 million people can we get the
footage uh I don't have I don't well
maybe I do I'm sending all that stuff to
Rice University very cool the the
archives The Impossible yeah that's
amazing yeah and after 10 minutes of
training yeah and 400 people in the
audience pull out their handkerchiefs
they were all so emotionally taken by
that they were unbelievable do do you
think kids have a a kind of uh
preternatural ability to do this no they
just don't know they can't uh well there
that's that's it yeah they they spoiled
by their train all their lives yeah Re
remote people what people need to
understand remote viewing is not about
learning anything new it's about
unlearning all the bad habits that we
make about leaping to conclusions making
assumptions on very little information
well you've given me all sorts of
interesting information across the years
I remember when I was asking you how do
you do this you said something super
interesting you were like I tell my ego
to run away yeah I give my ego something
to do yeah if I can't get my ego out of
it I'll put my notebook in my pocket and
go out and cut grass and so that's
fascinating and that somehow allows you
to be a better receptacle for yeah yeah
you got to get your ego out of it and
then the other interesting thing that
you've said and this is a little better
known is that you have to separate the
transmission or download from the
analysis yeah well actually you need to
analyze it but you don't up anal it you
down analyze it what does thatan for
instance your subconscious has no
language the information probably comes
out of the
subconscious so since it has no language
of its own it borrows from your memory
so let's say the target is a uh sewage
processing
plant few people have ever seen a sewage
proc processing plant but it looks
somewhat similar to an Olympic swimming
pool right so you're subconscious will
give you the image of the last swimming
pool you saw and the thing you don't
want to do is you want you don't want to
come to the conclusion based on that
that it's an Olympic swimming pool that
would be a mistake what you do is you
tear it apart why did I get the image of
the swimming pool what about that is
real and what about that is not and so
you do things you ask yourself questions
about that that entire thing that you
just just got things like would I swim
in it oh God no why not well taste it
and find
out so you're asking kind of like
behavioral proxy questions or something
right and you break it down into the
base elements oh that's fascinating
without deciding what it is so you would
never
say uh a uh sewage processing plant you
would say things like round pool uh some
kind of fluid uh stuff floating in the
flu fluid spinning something spinning in
there a chemical it's breaking down a
bad smell it's almost like you have this
multi-dimensional database in your head
and you have these connections between
sewage swimming pool and you have to
actually sever those connections and
just go directly at the Target through
these other kind of beh break it down
through analysis by asking your mind
what feels good what doesn't feel good
about the image and and you can tear it
down to pieces now if you learn to do
that the first thing you want to do is a
sketch and the reason you do a sketch is
it comes out of a different area of your
mind sketches are like
gals they uh let's say it's a bridge if
you try to sketch a bridge you may not
know it's a bridge but you'll do a sweep
you put something on both ends and you
put a repeating pattern like X's all
connected together that's the grid work
underneath the bridge okay you won't you
won't draw what you see but you'll draw
the parts or pieces that make you want
to say something as soon as you do that
you you don't come to a conclusion you
retaste the Target and you put down
something that you have down
analyzed so by the time an an gets it it
doesn't look like anything specific but
the analyst you have to remember is
working on a problem and he has
collected all the data that's possible
he or she and so they're sitting at a
desk they know everything about the
target except the answer they're looking
for they get your material and it's it
guides them to an area that they may
look at a different way and they'll just
go wow that's it the answer but the
answer is not
displayed it's just referenced in a way
so the other parts of it are when you're
doing when you're learning to do this
you have a monitor somebody who can
guide you that they act as your left
brain because you want to be totally in
the right brain when you're doing this
and I'm saying that not as a reality but
as a function because in reality right
left brain does not reside in right and
left side of the hemispheres it's
actually in both in both
hemisphere it's a way of thinking right
brain is uh super
esoteric kind yeah intuitive all that
sort of thing left brain is analytic
it's where you would make a conclusion
but you have to be very careful about
that so the person who doing the left
brain thinking as the monitor so let's
say the remote viewer is getting
something and they write something in
that left brain monitor can say I can't
read that print it you print it that
makes it clear so they're operating to
ensure that whatever is represented is
good enough that it says something can
be analyzed yeah can be analyzed so so
this whole process and what we found
over time is for some
reason when someone Nails the target it
sometimes is because the analyst or not
the analyst the monitor has asked
exactly the right question to elicit the
right answer so in reality both are
being psychic one knows it's being
psychic the other person doesn't oh
that's fascinating because people think
of the analyst as kind of this like full
left brain thing but it actually takes
intuition to know what question to ask
there there's a couple examples of uh of
experiments that were done by the
Russians that they totally bought into
because it worked three times perfectly
so they said this must be the way it
works and so because of that it's how
they ran their pyic
unit uh when we got that material from
them when perista came and we went over
there and met them and got the whole box
of material and brought it back
what we discovered
was the experiment was done perfectly
everybody involved in the St in the
experiment was completely blind okay but
at the very outset when they it was all
done with Target
mice uh at the very outset when they
went to this place where they actually
uh breed Target mice and control mice
they all come from the same litter so
this I went there and said we need you
to randomly number 12 Target mice and 12
control
mice and the guy said okay and he used a
random number generator to do that he
push a button it would give my number
he'd shav the mouse tummy and put it on
with a he'd uh tattoo it on the the
mouse so he did that with 24 mice 1
through 24 some of them were controls he
wrote them on the paper would they were
control some were randomly selected
Target mice so all the numbers were
different they put them all in a cage in
s them to the EUR Old Mountain 1,600
kmet away now as soon as you put all the
mice in one cage you're competing for
sex and food so their anxiety goes up so
the task for their their uh remote
viewers so to speak their psychics was
decide which are the target mice which
are the control mice and only in the
target mice raised their anxiety high
enough to make them
sick they did that they sent the mice to
another lab that didn't know what was
going on and they killed the mice
analyzed the chemicals in their brain
and listed the mice from top to bottom
most anxiety ridden to least anxiety
ridden and drew a line between the top
12 and bottom 12 it was a perfect match
all the bottom ones were controls all
the top ones were Target mice wow they
did that three times and outside of one
Mouse Paar work perfectly wow all three
times so they taught their psychics to
Target American
Congressman uh Senators
cabinet president do you know of any
specifics there as far as yeah it didn't
work it didn't work because the
methodology didn't work and and what
what was the Fatal wrong what was wrong
with the experiment everything was done
double blind do you tell me I will tell
you the guy they told the sort the mice
uh by virtue of the fact that he was
sorting controls from Target mice he he
did that psychically to give them their
answer at the end so he was the only
psychic functioning person in the whole
thing their psychics were not oh that's
fascinating you understand yes your
selection process can be all off I've
used that experiment to give
presentations that one of the largest
pharmaceutical companies in America wow
and I said the reason you come up with a
drug every now and then that cost you
over a billion dollars and 10 years to
manufacture and it fails is because you
don't believe in psychic functioning
right and somewhere in your process you
have a psychic right and they're giving
you exactly what you want want to see
right so because you don't buy into it
it doesn't work it cost you a ton of
money well yeah you get into these
because of that kind of epistemological
tological Loops because if you have it's
like whenever I put out anything around
this subject you have get well James
Randy you you you should win a million
dollars if you are able to prove this no
you don't I can tell you about that too
well yeah because I mean we're talking
about it right now but if there is an
effect inherently then there are
experiment effects and there are Witness
observ effect and so if anybody present
comes in you know completely trying to
be a skeptic it's going to affect the
experiment itself yeah scci the
scientific method involves a prioritize
skepticism and so we're talking about
kind of an epistemological Paradigm
Shift not just a scientific Paradigm
Shift except your perceptions are wrong
what do you mean I'm going to tell you
why yeah because there are things from a
scientific standpoint that when we
tested them absolutely guarantee that a
psychic function will not occur
absolutely guarantee and you can test it
a million times and it just will not
work how do you how do you do that how
do you turn off the psychic function the
sun is above the
Horizon on the Earth from where you're
standing you're looking face into the
sun you just did a four-fold reduction
in your psychic functioning interesting
where you are on the planet at what time
and what day has an effect why is that
okay no I'm not finished yet okay okay
there's things like that we know to be
true what else well I'm not going to go
into all of them because there's too
many okay but if they list all those
things and hand it to somebody and say
if you're doing any three of these you
will not function right okay and then
somebody comes in the door and says we
have a problem we have somebody being
tortured to death we need to know where
they are you'll violate it all
because of the intent intent overrides
everything wow so what you're saying is
correct but if the intent is an
imperative you will override it all so
so there are exceptions and you got to
watch out for that because people who
say no we did everything to block
viewing they're wrong you can't block it
completely well you're almost this is
you know kind of an extrapolation but
it's almost implying that there's an
intelligent on the other side aiding you
because if your intent matters at all
like why should it you know if if it's
just this kind of mechanical
deterministic scientific process why
should your intent be able to override
any of these conditions well it's
intention attention to detail and
expectation for outcome okay if you're
the only one dealing with that it'll
work if there's five people involved in
that experiment and none of them are
focused on that
it may fail
because there is just too many
possibilities for failure as a result
because the intent is not just your
intent it's everybody's intent that's
involved in the experiment if it's a
postgrad student being paid to act as a
monitor he doesn't care what happens
automatically any scientists coming into
the room which is what you're talking
about they don't care if it works or not
they get to publish to get famous for
their publishing so whether they're
successful or unsuccessful is immaterial
because they're supposed to be indiffer
to the outcome okay but in remote
viewing if you have a scientist monitor
all the people involved five or six
people and you do a remote viewing and
the intent is to Save a Life everybody's
on board and'll work every single time
fascinating yeah so there's a lot to
this that comes out in the science and
the study of it if you don't know the
science in detail it's so easy to fail
screw up all those kinds of things with
regard to the amazing Randy M the payoff
was not a million dollar M it was an
investment that would pay you eventually
a million dollar over 30 years Jesus
what kind of intent is that secondly
he's the one who picks the target does
the job judging and tells you whether
you're right or wrong so you could rig
it i' never I'd never participate in
experiment like that um I've been
challenged so many times to do a live
remote viewing double blind on camera in
a in a prime time way in front of 25
million or more
people that anybody else would shy away
from that been successful every time
well yeah you've done more televised
remote than anybody in the history and
and what's interesting to me the most
controlled example of that I ever did
was for National Geographic in the San
Francisco Bay Area they used three
different film Crews so nobody was
talking anybody else it was protected
targets it was randomly selected I was
completely blind Ed was completely blind
the entire film crew in the room was
completely blind and I absolutely nailed
it
you get a feeling like she had to park
somewhere through a tunel or something
or under an
overpass like a walkway of some kind
under an overpass open area in the
center and there's some kind of a
artwork some kind in the center but this
artwork is very bizarre set in gravel
Stone and when they put it on television
they said but you can't tell much from
one result they knew when they said that
that I had probably 12,000 of those what
were the targets do you remember the
Target that I did for them yeah it was
the end of the dumb Barton Bridge wow in
fact I did it the entire remote viewing
was a minute 30 seconds and they I heard
the director go and I said I guess
that's too fast for national television
and I said so what I'm going to do is
I'll sit in the front seat you put a
camera behind me and I'll tell you how
to get to the Target wow which I did did
you taught him yeah unbelievable yeah
you clearly are not only precocious
yourself but you're amazing at at
teaching others and if you understand
it people unfortunately people in
Stargate program that came after the
original
six were
terrified that they couldn't
like do it blind so they got hints they
I will tell you that um if it's not done
completely blind and you don't
understand all those other things about
the science in all probability it will
fail more times than it will
succeed if you truly
participate and do it in agreement with
the science that says don't do this do
this or if you do this it'll fail if you
pay attention to that you're going to be
Sevenfold more probable of being
successful that seems to be a through
line in everything with quote unquote
Paras pychology so R in life yeah if you
take a shortcut the thing doesn't really
work exactly right and so we're talking
about things that involve our perceptive
abilities and our ability to kind of
render the material world visually and
and and memory-wise and our ability to
do that is somehow super dependent on
going through the right the proper
process yeah and being instructed
properly and not not circumventing that
kind of inorganically there's
perceptions about it like I give you a
major perception that is like crazy
people say okay it's remote viewing can
a blind person do it who's been blind
for life I believe they're better than
most yeah makes sense because they spend
their whole lives imagining what the
world outside their skull looks like
they're they've been remote viewing
longer than anybody well as the saying
goes when one sense goes others get
stronger get a lot stronger and if the
mind is a sense then so the other thing
that that I think is very strange is no
matter what you do to demonstrate it it
always goes back to religion when
somebody wants to evaluate it it's like
if it doesn't fit the religious belief
yes it's uh the work of the devil well I
think somehow science has become
religious it's become dogmatic oh it is
very dogmatic and the Priestly cadel in
this case just wears like lab coats the
the origin story is basically natural
selection and Darwin sort of this
primitive progress
deterministic but it's completely
religious because there are all these
these gaps in that story and Carl
Popper's famous you know uh philosophy
of science guy used to call those
materialist promisory notes because
they're all these gaps and we would just
on loan we would say you know we could
fill in these gaps you know with these
placeholders that actually don't make
any sense and there are tons of
anomalies so but I want to you mentioned
James Randy yeah and you know he's this
magician who would debunk a lot of this
stuff but not and kind of a bad faith
actor he actually had a uh contemporary
named Ray Heyman who was know Ray you
know Rayman so University of Oregon and
he came into studying the Stargate data
very skeptically he's again a colleague
of of James Randy's along with Jessica
UT who's the president of the American
statistical
personally too and also you hear her
speak and she is just completely Beyond
reproach as far as her Integrity she's
probably one of the top five
statisticians in the world 100% And she
goes through all the Stargate data and
she says not only is this replicable the
the P values which is you know basically
the the um the probability that you
would get this stuff off the chart way
way more replicable than psychology for
example which we all take pretty
seriously and so I think it's it's
important context for the eyes but let's
back to the core chronology of Stargate
itself so 1972 the CIA starts to get
intrigued I've heard from Hal put off
who's one of the you know founders of
Stargate along with Russell tar that
another guy named Ingo Swan uh who's
this uh artist in New York City from a
monity Center in New York right to
California yeah and he was he was
eccentric he was a gay artist and uh the
way put off speaks about it is that uh
they put a thermister inside of a fad
cage and then inosan was able to affect
that with his mind is that is there
something to that story we did uh five
years of experiments to prove
psychokinesis that's affecting something
with the mind in five years and a whole
lot of millions of dollars we were never
able to protect the target from outside
effects so you can never say the person
did it or a truck hitting a metal on
route five uh wouldn't a faraday chamber
do it no why not because there's a
million things that can make it make it
go up like with a strain gauge there's a
million strain
gauge events that will occur from a
short at the bottom of An Elevator Shaft
a half a mile away so there's so many
things in reality that will cause it to
happen just because somebody walks in
the room and they look and it happens
doesn't mean they did it okay you got to
be really careful about that we took we
took but if if you're if you're blocking
the electric field and the magnetic
field what can get in there you can't do
it you can't fully block that no we we
put things in a small fairday cage we
doubled it we floated the whole thing on
air yeah okay we we put it in a room
that was concrete 30 in thick okay we
grounded everything we did everything
you can possibly do to isolate the
target it was going off all night long
when nobody was even there really so
yeah so if you can't isolate the Target
and we spent a huge amount of money
trying to do that uhuh if you can never
isolate the target how can you say it's
a human doing it do you think ingos Swan
was a good remote viewer oh he's an
excellent remote viewer okay I knew him
really well we used to eat dinner
together because we were both employed
at the same place yeah absolutely and um
what were some instances there's some
famous stories I know about with you but
any that come to mind of the early days
you know great successes uh well I can't
speak to his successes because he did
everything in the
lab and not in the wild so to speak you
know where it's a real test do you want
to tell your famous submarine story well
I can was not just me by the way it was
another man named Harley Trent we both
worked a submarine he's now he was a
better viewer than I'll ever be you need
to understand that well that's a lot
coming from you it's high bar there were
two people better than me than I will
ever be uh so if you can imagine that
who are the two Harley Trent Harley
Trent and another guy that I can I
promised him I'd never say his name in
public okay he's a retired Colonel he
going to make people more in that's too
bad um none survived anyway so um what
one of the things that uh we had as a
Target it was a building a really huge
building you could put like the Mall of
the Americas in Minneapolis inside that
building and it wouldn't touch the walls
of the ceiling what yeah and it was
detached from water it had no
relationship to the harbor and it was
set off the harbor and it had guards
fences everything around it and they had
railroad tracks going in carrying in
tons of stuff and coming on empty and
they couldn't buy a picture of the
inside of that building they were
offering I think $2 million at one time
for one picture of the inside of the
building couldn't get it it was bumped
up from a number of different
intelligence agencies to the National
Security Council which is as high as you
can go absolutely that's run by the Vice
President it has representatives from
all the other agencies there what year
was this that was uh 79 okay so latter
part of 79 yeah that was like my third
target that I ever worked on I don't
know which one it was for Harley but we
both worked on it simultaneously we just
didn't know each one of us was doing
that um what I got was a really unique
submarine because it they were violating
one of the major loss of submarines they
were putting two submarines together and
said it looked like two giant Seas
coming together and they were using a
whole new kind of welding methodology
which were high intensity lasers they
were welding with a certain
protocol and
uh the hull was done in a way that I
can't go into but it was different and I
said it were 20 20 tubes but they were
all slanted which was the first
submarine ever built with slanted tubes
up until then the Soviet Navy would have
to stop to launch which made him a
Target so they they slanted the tubes so
it could be launching while it was
moving every rocket on board was a my
five which meant it had five guidable
Warheads so when it reached Apex the
WarHeads could detach and go to
different cities every Warhead was like
Megaton Hiroshima was less than one
Megaton so can imagine the damage it
would do so these are hydrogen bombs it
could sit yes it could it could park 100
miles off America's coast and eradicate
Us in 18 minutes there'd be nothing we
could do and that's really the front
line of nuclear war that was the most
astounding weapon system ever built okay
and it was the TK 089 which was the
prototype for that kind of Submarine it
had many of the attributes that came out
in Hunt for Red October 7 years later
eight years later I can't remember now
but all these things and we filed that
report we did that in about four hours
filed that report with the National
Security Council it was sent back
immediately the the head analyst was the
guy in charge of the whole Russian floor
at Langley his name is Robert Gates yeah
Langley CIA oh Robert Gates end up later
became the director of CIA and the n in
the uh Secretary of Defense okay he sent
it back note on top total fantasy
because they didn't think that submarine
could exist and and well it wasn't even
connected to water so how could it right
and so he sent it back and it had been
taken to the National Security Council
by another Admiral by the name of uh
Jake Stewart and I knew Jak really well
and when he brought it back he said uh
he was sitting with me in a room and he
said uh this really upsets you doesn't
it and I said no I don't care he said no
you care cuz there's a red line going up
your neck you're really pissed so I said
no no I said uh he says what do you want
me to do and I said take it back and he
goes okay and he stood up and I said
wait I put a paper on top and I said
we'll be launched in 112 days
Jay so on the way he stopped at the
national reconsent office because he
knew that usually I'm not wrong
especially when I'm
pissed so he arranged for 114 days out
to have pictures taken of the harbor
where it would have to
be at the same time I attached another
note somebody asked me how big is this
submarine because I was saying this is
really a huge
submarine and my answer to that was it's
30 ft shy the length of a Soviet
aircraft carrier oh my God it's a
monster okay how big is that for the
audience scale-wise I don't know about
link that's why I had to say 30 ft shy
length of the Soviet aircraft carrier if
you can imagine something launches Jets
y matched with a submarine massive I
said it was between 60 and I think 60
feet and something else across mhm which
is very wide yep okay
so he arranged to have overhead take
pictures 114 days out when the pictures
were taken it was the side of the
building was gone trench cut to the
harbor and the submarine was tied up to
the side of a Soviet aircraft carrier to
block view of it from the entry to the
harbor and this is north of the the
Arctic Circle so the harbor was frozen a
long time usually every year so they had
these two giant ice breakers sitting
there they had broken up all the ice in
the harbor and it was sitting tied up to
the the aircraft carrier and and it
actually is 33 ft shy the length of the
Soviet aircraft car so I miss it by 3
feet all the bay doors were open so we
collected more intelligence in 4 days on
that one submarine than the entire
Soviet subpass in history that's
remarkable it then disappeared no one
ever saw it again and they made eight
more and no nobody ever knew about the
other
eight but you can assume based on the
data we were able to collect we defeated
their weapon system because now we could
identify it easily in the water put a
hunter killer on it and track it
everywhere it went that's a miracle yeah
kind of like possibly Global cataclysm
saving yeah right intelligence that you
provided that's primarily why I got the
legion Merit that's amazing did Robert
Baker ever come back say Hey Joe I'm
sorry I embarrassed him badly with it
and I embarrassed him three more times
that I'm aware of yeah what's another
examp he won't be in the room with me
really yeah if he comes in a room like
the Congressional cafeteria or something
and I see him I will stand up and go hey
Bobby how's it going budddy and I put my
hand out out the Doras any other
examples you could talk about I can't
talk about the other examples okay but
that that's the kind of successes we
were having uh Harley Trent shared in
that but he died
unfortunately relatively soon after that
um can I add one more story to just the
Carter years sure Rosemary Smith is a
psychic um and I think a tu22 Russian
Russian bear bomber bear bomber had
uh basically dropped lower than the
treetop it it had been downed uh in in
Africa all of Africa was given as the
target to this psychic spy named
Rosemary Smith in California and she
draws a three square mile little circle
right in zier and it's basically where
they find the tu22 there were three
psychics yeah they all Drew circles they
were all in three different cities when
they did it that's amazing all the same
really when they brought the maps
together all three circles interlocked
so w and and Jimmy Carter says that was
the craziest thing I've ever experienced
president he he was holding our file in
his arm when he said it it was a green
file with a red stripe it said uh it's
said Grill flame on it m and one of the
reporter he was saying we found the
Russian plane we've returned everything
on it to the Russians what was important
about us it was carrying two City
busting
nukes everybody was looking for it
especially every terrorist organization
in the world nobody could find it
because it disappeared over the Congo
supposedly Harley Trent in fact said it
was parked on a road right there in the
in the area of
zier nobody could understand that what
he was saying the whole time roads in
the Congo and in zire are rivers there
are no Road roads right all roads in
central Africa are rivers and that's
what he was saying the whole time he
didn't know he was saying that needed
some more down analysis but that
actually happened and when he said that
our cover name changed we got moved
around the office changed everything
changed because the president basically
outed us on National Television right
that turned on remember Anderson the guy
who would write articles on it
everything no who's Anderson he was in
uh I can't remember it was the
Washington Post
or uh I think it was the Washington Post
he he started to cover the psych he
started covering hunting for information
on the psychic buying program
interesting and he he would pick up
little tidbits and put out articles on
it but um it it made it more difficult
for us Joe any other core story that you
can talk about that aren't classified
from that time uh there's a lot of them
that I could talk about if I had the
sheet with me um we had What's called
the Blue Book the blue briefing books it
was two books two folders with 160
successes in it which were just like the
submarine okay that kind of weight
that's amazing I'll give you an example
of another one the MX missile program
remember that they were going to produce
another 30,000 miles of railroad tracks
they were going to have hundreds of
cargo cars railroad cars they would all
be identical right down to the serial
numbers on the locks only one in 20
would have an actual launcher in it with
an
ICBM and once a week they'd shift them
all around so no one would ever know
where the actual launchers were and that
would make Mutual share
destruction more important it's kind of
like a shell game yeah like a shell game
it's based on the old Shell game with
much higher Stakes the name of the game
is
MX its object to hide our newest icbms
from the enemy ensuring their
survivability the enemy will know where
a missile could be just as we know where
the P could be but not where it is for
sure instead of three shells each MX
missile will be hidden in any one of 23
protective shelters and what we did is
we notified we we wrote a white paper
it's called a white paper one paragraph
We sent it to the Situation Room in the
White House and said won't work why not
because we can tell you where it is
every
time they actually tested that for a
year and they had an actual live n in
possible storage areas for it and once a
week they moved it and every time they
moved it we told them where it
was as a result they cancelled the MX
missile program which ticked the Air
Force off mightily because they were put
in charge of it it was a hundred billion
doll project oh my God we saved the
government a100 billion do and I have a
letter in my file I know Dr May has one
in his from Senator Cohen Thanking us
for saving a $100 billion also
remarkable but would the Soviets have
figured it out given that they had sort
of some core deficiencies in their own
psychic spy program maybe maybe not
right they still could have figured it
out even with the flaw yeah I mean it's
it's like who knows and and that's one
of the problems
because I I got brought into the project
in October of 78 by July of 79 we knew
there was no defense against remote
fuing so for the next 20 something years
and millions and millions of dollars we
try to develop a defense against it
there still is no defense against remote
fing it fails on its own enough I mean
40% of the time it just doesn't work but
all intelligence modalities fail exactly
so it's not inferior to other ones and
when I hear that the program was
sunsetted because it only works six % of
the time that makes no sense and as well
as the rationale that there's no defense
against it but if it's offensively
useful why would you use it especially
if it's stopping you know mutually
assured destruction as it has at least
160 times probably more because that was
early on in theam my my area of
expertise was ICBM sites okay big large
areas where Rockets were in the ground
wow and but you could see the shielding
over them so that was easy to see with
overhead pictures when I hear stuff like
that there H there has to be a program
now if that's what the pictures were
perfect and I even asked some once why
am I remote viewing something you can
take perfect pictures of and they said
here's the thing you draw the whole
place so when we take a picture we can
only get the surface we match the
surface against your drawing and if
you're 80% correct we can assume you're
80% correct about what's under the
ground and we can retarget those areas
with different technology wow to prove
it wow so that's the value of remote
viewing it can be used a million
different ways but if if if the
incremental value is understanding on a
more granular level what stock piles are
underground how would that ever get
sunsetted and taken out of government I
it got sunsetted
because a vast majority of senators and
congressmen caught dead standing next to
a REM viewing psychic would never get
reelected because it was used as a
weapon against them in the
reelection I think if if I'm the
government and I'm hearing these things
I would immediately put a boatload of
money towards remote I'm just telling
you I'm telling you the reality because
of a stigma here's the thing we were
basically super supported by five
presidents we were super supported by by
senators and congressmen who could not
be hurt like Senator Cohen uh Senator
John Glenn uh these Senators had been in
in Congress so long and were so powerful
they're up here and they could say yeah
I use those guys and nobody could say
that's crazy to them they'd still get
reelected at the very bottom agents in
the field who came and asked for help
hundreds of lives we saved there they
they knew us intimately they loved us
because of what the data was that we
could give them as early
warning they they really needed us it's
the bureaucrats in the
middle okay yeah who are afraid for
their job afraid to get reelected and
the guys in the
middle are the guys who have to justify
and WR up why you need so many tanks
yeah and why you have to spend the money
on it and people are going starting to
ask well if you can just walk in and pl
a charge and blow something up why do
you need the tank if remote viewing
tells you where to put the explosive
it's always the middling bureaucrats
that have the most perverse incentives
and there's this thing you know concept
B malls cost disease where exact the
objective of a bureaucracy is just to
extend the bureaucracy and it's not to
do anything more efficiently actually
that's that's the opposite the other
part of it it's even worse it's the
bureaucrat politician in the middle that
actually starts the war that's right
okay has no skin in The Game and his
kids and family will never be affected
by it to what's wrong with that picture
Doctor Strange Love yeah dur during the
Vietnam War I was I was brought TDY
temporary duty to the Pentagon because
demonstrators were throwing balloons
full of blood and stuff on Military
going in and out of the front entry of
the the uh
Pentagon my job was to capture some kid
that was throwing stuff bring him in
fingerprint them tell them what was
going to happen to them and then release
them scare them into not doing it
anymore I didn't do that I CRA i' grab
up three or four and I'd cuff them
together in a string and i' take him
under the bridge where nobody could see
and I know they thought I'm going to be
beaten up down here i' take him down and
i' say Don't Panic I'm not going to do
anything to hurt you you need to
understand this we don't start wars in
the
Pentagon we're forced to finish them you
want to stop this war go to the other
end of the mall and hit the guys in the
suits with the balloons and then I'd
release them and they run away well what
I for got is they got cameras all over
the front of the Pentagon so they'd see
me taking these kids under there and
then them running away so my 3mon TDY
was cut to two weeks and I was sent to
Europe wow okay I didn't I I you know I
can understand why they didn't want to
go to Vietnam yeah it wasn't righteous
no when I was there I could tell you it
wasn't righteous yeah U well you have
all I mean that just look at the
Pentagon papers and you look at how
cynical the discussions around the
Vietnam War were at the highest levels
in the Pentagon and and Oval Office and
and I have seen two letters and I did a
my last college course to get my degree
was uh on the politics of the Vietnam
War at the end and I saw a letter from
Kissinger to President Nixon saying I'm
not going back over there to negotiate
for any more prisoners because I I hate
those brown people I don't like their
food I don't like their smell I don't
want to be there anymore and Nixon said
to him you don't have to because anybody
in LA or Cambodia we said should never
be there in the first place so we don't
have to worry about them so all the
enlisted captured in Vietnam were all
taken to Tiger cages in Laos and
Cambodia they all died there because
they were written off it's horrible it's
horrific and uh yeah Kissinger was kind
of the ultimate I don't know cynic he
felt was like the world was his sandbox
right and he St he actually studied at
at Harvard under Tom shelling and Tom
shelling and a bunch of his you know uh
uh classmates there all like tried to do
an intervention at the White House and
they're like what are you doing man like
what's got what's gotten into you um I
think the whole thing the whole you know
there's based on this like domino theory
this you know which was I think a
misreading of George kennan's Long
Telegram at the end of the sacramental
war you know hoi men fought for us
against Japanese through the whole War
his Viet men did that his Viet men and
he were never communist they they were
nationalist
okay when the war ended oh they did that
by the way because John Donovan
delivered a very rare butterfly
collection to him at parach shooting in
with a taped to his chest he started the
or was the main Pro genitor of the OSS
time Wild Bill Donovan yeah Wild Bill
Donovan yeah he talked o men into
fighting for us and so the Vietnamese
fought for us during the whole War at
the end of the war hoim men sent an
impassion letter to our president and
what he said in the letter is here's a
copy of our uh our national Constitution
it was identical to ours he had quotes
and direct quotes from Jefferson I mean
it was it was exactly they were totally
allied with us yes against it was
against the French all he wanted was
please do not allow the French to come
back to claim their Indochina
plantations yeah okay the French on the
other hand said oh you're starting NATO
well we're not going to be a member
unless you support us in our quest to go
back to Indochina so the president made
a decision NATO was more important than
Vietnam yeah there you go and and and I
I think hoian felt like Wild Bill
Donovan had saved him he did yeah and he
felt a real collegiality there and um
and then yeah things just took a took a
weird turn in it just and I think that
was maybe one of the primary reasons why
the CIA then went into South Vietnam and
tried to
consolidate Vietnam into their version
of a single country which you can't do
you cannot enter a foreign country and
try to run it it never works it also be
yeah the nation building thing doesn't
work and it begets a misunderstanding of
history or belies rather you know with
Vietnam Afghanistan you have certain
territories that whether it's China Visa
you know Vietnam or the Russians and
British V Afghanistan you're not going
to win you go in Afghanistan will never
capitulate anybody the am the amount of
dialects how tough the people are the
the nooks and crannies they know how to
hide in that you're not familiar with
you're just screwed at the outside
doesn't matter how how much Manpower
what resources you have and so there's a
there's a guy that lives just cross the
border in Pakistan lives in a mud hut
he's got a big uh a big big point of uh
granite rock sticking up out of his
floor he makes AKs out of old pieces of
aircraft wow he hammers it out with a
open fire on that granite rock what and
they work now they're not very accurate
but they never jam and they work if you
can back a truck over them they'll still
work well that says it all that says it
all right there yeah yeah that's true
absolutely it's remarkable so
I want to get into some weirder stuff
because you I mean you've made headlines
for remote viewing Mars for example yeah
a million years DOD Target by the way
there so explain the context well how is
that a DOD Target well one one of the
things that they found out is that I was
having spontaneous out of bodies since
my near death experience in
1970 I've had multiple near-death
experiences but that was that one was
really profound was this fly falling out
of the helicopter no this was
uh being poisoned being poisoned yeah I
was delivered DOA to a clinic in pasel
Germany from
Austria and uh I had not had a heartbeat
for almost 40 minutes
what now I'm not going to tell you that
my heart wasn't beating for 40 minutes
it could have been beating once every
five minutes but it was enough to keep
me alive okay oh my uh when I got to the
clinic the uh doctor
there uh saved my life basically I got
transfusions a whole bunch of stuff but
I was com to for 20 something hours and
I suddenly sat up I became conscious and
I sat up and the German patient in the
room with me looked at me and ran out of
the room he he went out like a scaled
duck I was looked at him I said God's
way light you can't die so chill and out
the door I found out later when I looked
at him he he said God's a white light
God is a white light wow you can't die
and and he looked at me and freaked ran
out of the door later he said when I
looked at him my eyes had turned crystal
blue and I had fire coming out of them
no way yeah that's what he said so the
doctor came in and I said to the I
turned to the doctor and I smiled and I
said oh I'm still here you know God so I
like you can't die well he sated me I
went back to sleep on the way driveing
into Munich they told me to mut Munich
Germany put me in a rest home that's
when they told my wife my first wife
that I was still alive for for almost a
week she thought I was dead oh Jesus
yeah do you remember I mean you're
coming out of this experience saying God
is a white light can't die yeah uh do
you remember that as being sort of a
convers experience did he feel a sense
of divine cont it was so profound I just
can't tell you I when when it happened I
I was eating getting ready to eat a
dinner with my wife who they had brought
to meet me we're going to stay a week in
in this guest house then she was going
back to quarters and I was going back to
work I can't tell you what I was doing
but I was going back to work and the guy
that brought her was my uh friend that
worked for me so he brought her there he
was going to leave and we talked him
into staying and having dinner with us
and then he was going to leave and we
were going to stay there a couple days
well we had before dinner
drinks when I drank part of the drink I
started getting feeling like I was going
to projectile vomit oh no so I didn't
want to be in the restaurant doing it so
I said excuse me and I headed for the
door and I was in a
rush when I hit the door it was a
swinging glass door when I hit it with
my hand it was like somebody snapped
their fingers and I was standing outside
on a cobblestone road with my hands out
like this and it was raining it was a
soft like one of those soft summer rains
you know and the rain was going through
my palms and I went what the hell and I
looked up and there's this figure half
in and half out of the door so I drifted
over there and as I was that should have
been a giveaway by the way I drifted
over there and as I was going over
my friend came out pulled me up in his
lap back then there was no such thing as
CPR so he started punching me in the
chair and yelling at me
breathe you know and every time he hit
me in the chest I was in my body in
excruciating pain looking up at his face
and I was trying to say stop and about
the time I get the stop out I'd be back
standing on the cobblestone watching
this happened like four or five times
and then I stayed out and I watched and
he got up my wife dropped to the
pavement with me and then he showed up
with my car and put me fireman's carry
into the back seat it was a little bug a
Volkswagen Bug and they took off and I
was like whoa wait a minute so I'm like
zipping along beside the
car back to then they had to go through
two checkpoints Austria to Germany which
meant running the checkpoint which they
did and uh drove a little ways then went
out and then back in again because they
had to get to this city called peso
which is down in the southern tip of
area and uh he got me to a clinic and
when they got there it was just getting
dark just getting dark meant it was
around 7:50
8:00 he picked me out of the car
fireman's carry he's a huge guy and he
carried me to the door of the clinic and
it was locked and I'm I'm standing there
watching all this and I'm like well
that's weird why would they lock the
door maybe I'm dreaming and he started
kicking the glass door and the inner
door open and the doctor came out with
the keys what I didn't know is in
Germany
at 8:00 they lock all the doors so you
go to an emergency room or clinic you
get in by ringing a bell well he had me
in a fireman's carry so he's kicking the
door with his foot when the doctor came
out he was in a wheelchair I went oh man
it's getting better every minute why
would a doctor be in a wheelchair yeah
well it turns out he was partially
retired and that's how he made extra
money he fill in with a nurse at the
clinic so I watched him Carry Me In he
dumped me on this table in the emergency
area Big Bright Lights overhead and they
started cutting my clothing off and
sticking tubes in me and whatnot and I
got bored I started drifting away from
the table and I felt heat on the back of
my neck and I thought this must be the
light one of the bright lights I'm
bumping up against and when I turned
around to look I was enveloped in this
extremely intense White light it's like
perfect did he feel love oh nothing but
and I I had no fear everything went away
in terms of threat so I'm floating in
this white light and I could see
perfectly you I thought at first you
know this is really bright but it didn't
hurt my
eyes and I thought oh this is this is it
this is like you know where I want to be
and this voice in my head said you can't
stay you have to go back and I started
looking for something to hold on to I
didn't want to want to leave and that's
when I second snap of the fingers and I
sat up and looked at the German patient
and told him that wow so it it was very
profound I I stopped carrying a gun
nobody would work with me why because
they thought if they got in trouble I
couldn't do anything
and did it turned you more into a
pacifist or something no not pacifist
there are something you know I took
martial arts from age 14
to couple years ago few years ago
and so I you know I don't need a gun I
can defend myself pretty well and you
know unless they have a gun you but if
they have a gun your chances of
Defending yourself are minimal anyway
anyway I just stopped didn't want to
hurt
anybody it turns out since nobody would
work with me I had to work alone and
working alone everybody was terrified at
doing
that I didn't care because dying is so
what so that's just changed your outlook
wholesale since then about life death
and you can't cease to exist so what are
you worried about and it sounds like n
existence at least in your case seemed
pretty loving and gentle well the the
other problem involved here mhm is the
fact that uh you become extremely
depressed at being here really not there
oh yeah and and that happened with you
yeah I was for six months I thought of
probably 15 ways of taking my life
really yeah isn't it comforting though
oh it's very com that's always kind of
the backdrop like that's not how you
think about it you think about I'm stuck
in this primitive Backwoods back alley
back yeah you know regressive yeah
regressive place where nobody
understands yeah so you don't want to be
here anymore and so one
night um I'm asleep and I was awake in
the middle Night by an entity that
snatched me out of my body and speed
slap the crap out of me really but with
words what what did it say what he what
the entity was saying and I couldn't
tell it was male female or what it was
it was saying what are you that stupid
you know you you know what's going to
happen when you do eventually die wh why
aren't you like enjoying this place
using this place teaching people in this
place seems like a pretty good entity
giving you some tough love he was trying
to get me to wake up do you any visual
on the entity or it just felt like a
voice unbodied voice yeah and and me
trying to argue and getting slapped down
for it wow and what so when I woke up
that morning I was like totally
different wow it was like oh yeah okay I
don't care anymore yeah so everywhere I
went I did my job best I could I did my
job usually alone mhm until I met this
Colonel who said when they consolidated
all the intelligence people into the one
place um in alburg Germany it was a
30,000 ft building I met this one
Colonel and he said I need somebody who
really understands physical
security and I said I'm your guy and he
said um I'm going to send you to this
place and I want you to test it so I was
matched up with another guy um and he
and I I'm not going to say his name
because I don't think it's fair without
asking him but he and I broke in to this
30,000 C
facility and what was the facility I was
it's a Consolidated intelligence place
it had German equivalent to the CIA
French equivalent CIA British equivalent
to the CIA our
CIA Army Navy Air Force everybody was in
this building in Europe it was really a
Consolidated headquarters it's like a un
of intelligence yeah kind of like that
you say what country it was in it was in
Germany it was ing Germany ah so I was
there uh we broke in I was the the
detractor I was the guy who got caught
going over the fence what they didn't
know is while they were capturing me he
was going over the other
fence okay so I got hauled in
the MPS are very unrelenting when they
capture somebody like that because um I
had to wait for exactly an hour watching
a clock on the wall while they were
trying to get me to tell them who I was
where I was from what I was doing and I
just resisted until that time and at
that time I identified myself and said
bring your commander in here cuz you
guys have been screwing up big time but
why were you assigned to this in the
first place Tes in the security of the
building so red teaming yeah yeah so
testing vulnerabilities to strength so
the guy came in and he realized who I
was and he was very upset because he got
written up because that's when I told
him my partner's been in your building
for over an hour and he planted these
cards clipon cards said bomb all over
the building and they didn't stop him
they didn't question him they didn't do
anything he was going in and out of
places and he was wearing somebody
else's badge he took off their
coat
Jesus so the security was obviously lack
for a facility housing that's when we
got moved in there and we were physical
security for the building from then on
okay and there were a lot of weaknesses
and we toughened it up and we found out
there were three people going in and out
with fake badges wow and I I mean it was
it was terrible and but this Commander
kept getting RI written up and so he
really didn't like me
much and so I spent a long time overseas
working in these things so when I
finally came back the G General ordered
me back to the headquarters and i' had
always said no I'm not going back to
headquarters that's a bunch of paper
pushers I've been doing a real job
overseas all this
time so I I called this friend of mine
in the Pentagon and I said can you get
me
reassigned he said let me check and he
came back and he said man you're in
trouble you going to the headquarters
and I said no I don't want to go to the
headquarters give me something else I
don't care what it is he said I can't
this is like a three star he's saying
you're coming to my headquarters and I
don't have any choice here
so I said what's my aat and dlat scores
that's your scores for competence with a
language oh you Max those I said oh
that's great so now I'm qualified for
any language on the planet so I said
what's the highest language need in US
Army he's a Chinese Mandarin I I okay I
want to learn to read it write it speak
it holy cow man that's two years at
Monteray and Mersed and I said I'll take
it so he cut me orders monter is the
like CIA language school right it's not
just CIA it's all the military everybody
in the government needs to speak a
language fluently yep it's two years and
two months there from Mandarin to read
it write it speak it and the day you
start you can no longer use
English that's how you learn it so I got
there on a Saturday
I was unpacking my
bags and the orderly came in and said
there's some General on the phone want's
talk to you okay so I went down to the
orderly room and I answered the phone
and he said do you know who I am he told
me his name I said
no his name was General
Roya why aren't you at my
headquarters and I said oh uh well uh
the army decided they need me to speak
Mandarin you will be in my
office 9:00 Monday morning in full dress
uniform and don't let the screen door
hit you in the
butt slam the phone down now that's on
the phone receiver the orderly all
across the room said that sound like an
order to me you could hear it everywhere
and so I packed my bags and went to the
Head course so when I got there they put
me in the officer course which I
couldn't understand cuz I was an E7
stting first
class Monday morning I showed up in his
office reported as I was supposed to at
9:00 in the
morning and uh all these people came in
the office and he said uh uh I'm going
to make you a warrant officer I went wow
cuz I was always complaining cuz I could
never get my warrant packet out the door
well he made that decision so they
pinned warrant bars on me and he said
I'm putting you in charge of your
military occupation especially for the
world and I said I can't do the job and
he said what and I said I can't do the
job there's 28 Chief War officers that
will be working for a war officer
they're not going to do what I tell them
you know there's a year probation as a
Warr officer
he said he turned to his secretary he
says can I promote him she said you can
do anything you want General he said
take those pins off he made me a chief
warrant right there wow so he says um I
can't I can't get them to do what you
tell them that's up to you but you're in
charge your desk is in the office above
mine so that's where I was working when
he found out that he had a think this
thing called Gondola wish starting at
Fort me and he was nervous about it cuz
he didn't understand
it he he called it a hinky project so he
said I want you to go
to uh to uh Stanford Research Institute
and find out all you can about it and
then come back and brief me and that's
when I went and did these six remote
viewings interesting yeah so you were
almost doing doing it on behalf of this
General yeah I was just collecting
information you were collecting
information and then you ended up
actually a part of the program and then
when I came back he said I went I went
down to his office cuz my desk was empty
yeah all my stuff was gone yeah I said
what happened he said I'm GNA have to
assign you to for meid for this project
W and it's like oh please don't do that
m Joe what happened on Mars a million
years ago what did it look like set the
scene for us
well going back to that uh DOD decided
since I had spontaneous out of bodies
that I should uh try to learn how to
control them to see whether I could
collect intelligence doing that too so
they hired bom Monroe to help me with
that because he's the guy Journeys out
of the body guy so they actually paid
him to train me
so every Thursday night I would leave
right after I finished the remote
viewings I would drive the down to the
Institute here in this town and
uh crash I get there about 11: and then
early in the morning on Friday I would
start working in the lab with Bob we
work there Friday Saturday
Sunday and I go to bed Sunday night and
I get up at 4:00 a.m. or whatever and
drive back to Fort me and do youing so I
did that for a long time many
months and so I was being trained in
that when I was taking a nap it was a
Saturday evening I've been working for
two days with Bob so I was tired so he
was doing some kind of work in the lab
and I was taking a nap in the isolation
chamber we have in the
lab and uh he woke me up he said I have
some people here from DOD
they brought a Target and I said oh
really he said yeah I have the envelope
in my shirt pocket he they gave him a
sealing envelope he fold over put in a
shirt pocket and I have a card here with
GPS locations so I'll read them to you
and you tell me what's there so the
first GPS location he read was a huge uh
huge
pyramid and I said this right away I
said this must be a new discovery cuz
it's huge it's way way bigger than the
oneiza and it's got monster rooms inside
which is not making any sense to me at
all that's okay just report on what
you're seeing so I did that so I went
through six of the seven
targets and whatever was there I describ
it and it turns out everything I
described was
there and I came out of there I couldn't
do the seventh because I was exhausted
so so I
stopped and at the end I started getting
an image of human
beings that were trapped in a place
where the atmosphere was turning bad I
couldn't figure that out so I said to
Bob I said the sun looks really
weird he said I don't care about the sun
just tell me what's going on so I said
uh evidently there's some kind of
Calamity here so I started thinking
maybe this is a future Target I didn't
know uh but the whole time I thought I
was on Earth and it was a new
discovery and so I came out of there and
I said it's obvious that these people
are dying for some reason but they're
human they're just really big people
they're like twice our size 12 feet tall
but they're just like us and they're
dying and these pyramidal places are
like hibernation Chambers they're trying
to survive until somebody comes to save
them and uh he say what is this target
it's just like a new discovery or
something and the guy from DoD said bom
Andro has the Target in his pocket so I
pull it out of my shirt pocket open it
up it said Mars 1 Million
BC which made me angry and I'll tell you
why I hate doing a taret Target where I
cannot prove ground
truth because then I don't know if I'm
if it's real or I'm inventing it it
doesn't do me any good and I
can't actually sit there and say this is
exactly 100% correct it's unfalsifiable
yeah unfalsifiable but unprovable mhm
so it made me angry so I said give me
the card I took the card and the
envelope put it in my shirt pocket I
said the next time I'm at JPL Jeff
propulsion lab in
California I'm going to find out whe
they have negatives of these these
locations and get them and Bob said
they'll never never give that to and I
said they damn well better because we
pay for all those pictures with our
taxes yep they can't classify those
pictures because they're in space
so next time I was in California
I went to JPL and they have a big
counter where you go in and buy pictures
of
space so I went up the counter and the
guy said how can I help you and I said I
have this card here and I hand it to him
and he looked at it and I said I'd like
to see the 4x4 negatives for those
locations on that card and he went oh
this is the old city on Mars he turned
around pull a drawer open and gave me a
packet had all the negatives inside
so they're in my book M Tri wow yeah so
what do the negatives show it shows
exactly what I describe it shows
pyramids it shows a big pyramid it shows
an Old Fort it shows a wall that's
collapsed and yeah can I see them yeah
I'll get a copy of my book downstairs
bring it up and show it to you I mean
wow that's amazing that's not the
coolest thing that's so cool though
you're saying that you remote viewed a
pyramid on Mars a million years ago and
we found how did we how do we have
imagery of that oh they're mapping Mars
that but that's not the coolest thing so
it's it's negative images of those
locations now on Mars yeah and but you
and you can see the're they're heavily
worn they're just much damage to them
but it's clear they're pyramids yeah
that like look like they were manmade
yeah in fact why why did they look like
they were man well I'll give you the
reason why I know they're manmade okay
there's an impact crater and on the side
of the impact crater is a triangular
piece of land yeah that obviously has
been constructed there and in the center
of that is a four-sided pyramid now
here's the cool part you know the the
place of the camera which is circling
Mars you know exactly where it is when I
took that picture you know where the sun
is in relationship so you know by the
shadow you can compute the size of the
impact crater and its sides by the
Shadow with the sides MH the side shadow
in this particular case was a quarter of
an inch M that quarter of an inch
represents about 3,000 ft so the impact
crater walls are 3,000 ft
high that four-sided pyramid on that
little triangle piece of land on the
edge of the impact crater has got a
Shadow 2 and2 in long now tell me how
tall it is that's not a pyramid That's A
Shard and it's thousands of feet tall
and I actually asked the guy at JPL I
went many times at JPL I said what the
hell is that you know I don't know best
guess is it grew there and I said you're
out your mind if if it was an impact
crater that occurred after it was there
it would have blown it away I think it
was from an out was put there after the
impact crater it was The Shard was put
there after the impact by who so you
tell right what exactly and what would
the I'm even trying to think of like
what the purpose of The Shard would
be oh no that's fascinating do you have
images of that yeah but here here's the
thing this is awesome I went out of my
way to get a hold of other
negatives mhm and each negative is
probably 50 by 50 miles on wirs M so you
have to look at that negative over a
long period of time line by line by
line I have probably somewhere in the
neighborhood of 60 something photographs
of things on Mars that are clearly alien
really yeah like what
else okay before we look at the evidence
that Joe has let's set the scene here on
the possibilities of Life on Mars a
question with a long history and
numerous theories more than a hundred
years ago American astronomer persal LEL
suggested that certain features that
were being observed on Mars were not
natural back then in the late 19th
century the idea that Mars had Seasons
vegetation flowing water even large
rivers was kind of popular we had to
speculate because we had no way of
knowing otherwise a lot of this
speculation was was fueled by dark areas
and irregular looking patterns observed
on Mars but LEL went as far as to claim
that parts of these dark areas and
patterns were purposefully built
irrigation systems designed by a martian
civilization these theories were
contested well into the 20th century but
the question of trees lakes and martians
was eventually put to rest when the
Mariner for space probe photographed the
planet up close in
1965 these photos revealed an inactive
Planet barren and apparently lifeless
although there seemed to be clear
evidence of water having existed in the
past with extinct riverbeds and
basin-like formations and therefore the
question remained if there was no sign
of Life currently visible on the planet
today could it still have existed in the
past perhaps due to the presence of a
technologically advanced civilization in
the mid 1970s the Viking orbiters sent
back an image that caused quite a stir a
mile long structure that resembled a
human face staring out in disp face the
infamous face on Mars this structure
provoked a lot of speculation for more
than 20 years but eventually higher
resolution images seemingly put that
question to bed at least for most the
established narrative was that this was
all just a case of parolia the same
psychological effect that makes us see
familiar shapes in the clouds nothing
but some shadows and angles of light
questioning this interpretation became
synonymous with quackery and conspiracy
the region of Mars that the face is
located on is called Sedonia some
researchers believe that the face is
just one part of a larger set of
structures in this region that also
demonstrate unnatural features perhaps
even displaying specific design
characteristics that suggest geometric
patterns and intentional positioning
like Stellar alignments they claim that
Sedonia contains multiple pyramids
basically the remnants of a city all
eroded over Millennia these formations
appear to be aligned in highly unlikely
ways ways raising the question of
whether their placement is entirely
random but it wasn't just the region of
Sedonia in the elisium area at the North
probes photographed huge pyramids some
500 M High some with four sides just
like the Great Pyramids of Giza and near
Mars's South Pole Mariner 9 took
pictures of what looked like ancient
ruins these ancient ruins were even in
formally dubbed by their team as the
Incan City elsewhere vast areas of
Monolithic structures tunnels even other
faces seem to defy explanations that
they came from only natural processes to
be clear I'm not at all denying that
many of these features could just be
explained by basic Mars geology but take
this thought experiment if similar
structures and patterns were imaged on
Earth using modern techniques like liar
mapping presuming they had man-made
Origins wouldn't be so controversial at
all so why does the same conversation
seem totally off limits when it comes to
Mars what if these structures are
ancient what if they're Millions even
billions of years old this raises
another question are we seeing all the
data we must trust that organizations
like NASA are sharing these images and
data transparently but this has been
questioned in the past for instance
Stanley McDaniel a professor ameritus at
Sonoma State University wrote a 200-page
book about NASA's failure to properly
investigate the structures on Mars and
questioning why that was the case
Richard hogland made similar claims in
admittedly his very controversial book
dark Mission the secret history of NASA
which brings us to the most recent
chapter in this story in 2001 the Mars
Global surveyor captured an image that
has only just made its way onto the
mainstream causing a stir on X and
gaining some high-profile attention the
image shows a square structure with
clear right angles possibly spanning
several kilm per side the geometry
suggests a high potential that this
could be an engineered Str structure of
course the square on Mars is being
explained Away by Skeptics as a natural
geological structure and it might be but
the point really is that we don't know
moreover we've only imaged a tiny
fraction of the Martian surface in
significant detail and we've physically
explored only very small portions
through robotic envoys so we don't know
what we don't know and yet despite this
the idea that there could be artificial
structures on Mars is given no Credence
at all now here's the thing if you
suggest that life could exist in some
basic microscopic form on Mars even
right now perhaps under the surface or
in some particular unexplored Zone I
think that even the professional skeptic
would accept that as a possibility even
president Trump openly floated the idea
that life once existed or still exists
on the red planet there's no reason not
to think that Mars and all these planets
don't have life you know and there is
plenty of evidence to suggest this to be
a distinct possibility in 2003 methane
was detected in the Martian atmosphere
an organic molecule usually seen as a
marker of Life its source is still
debated but it could be that microbial
life exists somewhere below the surface
of Mars in 2015 researchers stunned the
world when they claimed to have finally
found definitive evidence of salty
liquid water flowing on the surface of
Mars in the summer months moving water
has long been considered a crucial
marker for the possibility of evolution
to occur like it did on Earth another
presumption was that life could not have
survived on the surface of Mars because
it's always lacked a global magnetic
field or a magnetosphere however in the
last couple of decades evidence has been
gathered to suggest that Mars did have
this protective layer and it was
probably Stripped Away sometime in the
distant past this means that there could
have been a long period of time where
Mars had rivers lakes perhaps even
oceans all protected by a functioning
magnetosphere we've even got our hands
on physical evidence from Mars to
investigate in 1984 scientists found a
Martian meteorite in Antarctica it was
code named alh84001
when the meteorite was examined they
discovered microscopic structures that
resembled fossilized bacteria the
discovery even prompted President
Clinton to make an official televised
announcement on the possible discovery
of Life on Mars today Rock
841 speaks to us across all those
billions of years and millions of miles
it speaks of the possibility of life so
from this fascinating but Orthodox
scientific Viewpoint we can look at
numerous pieces of evidence even the
evidence of what you see around you on
Earth that if life is possible on Mars
even today the likelihood that it could
produce complex even technologically
capable life forms in the past should
not really be that controversial
especially when we consider how much
more there is to find out about our most
similar solar neighbor but on the other
side of the spectrum of Orthodox
theories and controversy there have been
some more interesting claims for
instance in 2020 H esed the head of
Israel's space program for nearly 30
years and three-time recipient of the
Israel security award made a shocking
statement he claimed that the United
States and other nations have had Direct
contact with a Galactic Federation some
kind of Coalition of alien races that
have interacted with us for years
according to Eed these beings have
instructed governments not to disclose
knowledge of this to the rest of the
population yet because they want to
avoid Mass hysteria he went even further
however suggesting that American
astronauts are actually working
alongside these extraterrestrials in an
underground base on Mars now of course
we can't confirm or deny this but those
interested in ufology will know that
this isn't the first time that claims of
meetings or secret treaties with
extraterrestrials have surfaced
something slightly more grounded is a
theory suggested by researchers like
Graham Hancock he states in the Mars my
that there could be some connection
between the symbolism of these eroded
monoliths in a place like Sidonia and
the ancient civilizations of Earth at
this point who knows there are a lot of
possibilities on the table even the
question of what happened to Mars to
create this seemingly lifeless place is
full of fascinating theories over the
last decade or so Dr John brandenberg a
plasma physicist in propulsion scientist
has found evidence to support his
hypothesis that planetary wide
catastrophic events May have occurred on
Mars his theory suggests that high
concentrations of particular elements
created only via rapid processes like in
thermonuclear explosions may have been
caused by a nuclear war on Mars perhaps
a lesson for us here but also maybe the
reason we are only able to see the
remnants of our neighbors Lost
Civilization if it existed at all but
here's something to ponder when our
guest Joe mcmonagle was tasked with
remote viewing Mars the coordinates and
time period were chosen for him the full
transcript of the session has been
Declassified you can read it for
yourself now you have to ask yourself
was this just a random exercise or were
those specific Geographic coordinates
already known to be significant and who
were the parties who requested the
information that had provided the
coordinates to the top remote viewer in
the country it seems we will always have
questions about Mars until we get there
to see it for ourselves because for as
long as humans have watched this bright
red Wanderer move across the night sky
they've always asked themselves what's
happening there maybe there's a reason
we keep being drawn to it because
something else is going on or it was
going on in the past this is a bone on
Mars okay that's on Mars that's on Mars
that's a bone what yeah certainly isn't
a stone that does not look like a stone
and you got these from JPL yeah really
come right off a a negative of Mars in
the map series see these little
buildings one there one there here's
three in a row buildings yeah this is on
Mars here's a building over here is it a
picture from a Rover or is it a picture
from a telescope or it's a picture from
a mapping here's a CO a curly CU it's a
picture
from a mapping satellite that's a
satellite making maps of Mars wow that
is a non natural Edge you don't get a 30
mile Edge like that W by Nature that's a
she Cliff how long is that 30 mil 30
miles now I'll show you where it comes
from ah here it
is what up that's that
edge that's a just a deep
Chasm that's a perfectly straight edge
it comes out of right here here and goes
straight as an arrow all the way across
and then Fades into the ground there uh
here's a cavern and it's got all this
like wire stuff on on the top so that's
a Subterranean Cavern it's a
Subterranean Cavern you cannot see into
it but it's very deep and there's wiring
that's
wiring here's the interesting
part when we first caught this on Mars
it was a bright red light right here
that's gone out since we caught it I
actually have a photo of the light what
what do you think bright red light what
do you think the light
was well that almost implies that
there's something there now yeah let me
show you something else so there there
are people at JPL who definitively think
there you go is that real that's real
that's 3 feet long and that big around
that's and it's got buttons on it and a
rotating thing here that was taken on
Mars that's laying on Mars man and if
you sent that to like a NASA photo
instrumentation specialist they wouldn't
be able to De they say they what they do
is they say that's not off of
Mars well I have the negative you have
the negative yeah so they can say
whatever the hell they want and you can
back it up with these JPL guys yeah wow
so I will send you that thank you okay
and I'll send you something else very
similar Joe I appreciate it man this is
amazing not a problem so JPL is just
sitting on these yeah but you got to
understand something
H you got to know exactly what negative
you're asking for to get the picture why
would they hide this information they're
not hiding it they're just not talking
about
it but it's so mindblowing and important
I mean the other interesting thing I'm
I'm just thinking as you're saying all
this is that it's been hypothesized even
by conventional science that at one
point habitable life existed on Mars and
it was stripped of its magnetosphere
maybe due to an as it was moved
something passed through our solar
system and took inner ramp inner inner
uh area planets and moved them to Outer
areas outer rim and what do you Outer
Rim planets were moved to Inner Rim what
do you think moved through our solar
system some big object passed through
our solar system that did that with it's
with its uh gravity field yeah okay it
probably stripped the atmosphere of Mars
at the same time it's impossible to know
now it could be a wild Planet out there
doing an elliptical orbit that takes
20,000 years any other alien artifacts
that you saw in these negatives sure
what
else I'm not going to go there because
this is all going in a book but I got to
tell you this
um in in my opinion yeah this is just my
opinion yeah I think sufficient evidence
exists that we in fact might be aliens
and what is that evidence that evidence
is the way we treat our
planet not well all we do is take take
take take we're the only animals on this
planet that has no respect for our n our
Nest so you think we were uh imported
here I think this is where we came maybe
from Mars so maybe some remnant
survivors of that cataclysm or something
or explorers maybe before the cataclysm
came here I think there were people that
got stuck on Mars and tried to survive
by hibernating uh I think elements of
people on Mars when is Every all
different directions looking for help or
another place they could go and I think
some of the people wound up
here now what happens when
you jump to another planet you leave all
your industry behind so the only thing
you have that's advanced technology is
the
ship you cannibalize the ship till
you've you've used every single part on
it for something when you run out of
that you slowly devolve back to Sticks
and Stones and the reason why is you
can't just build a
manufacturing plant you have to start at
the very base
work your way forward develop Leisure
Time all the skill sets necessary and go
through all the steps to eventually
build a manufacturing plant you wrote a
fantastic book that I recommend
everybody read called the ultimate time
machine yeah uh you hypothesize
something very interesting about how the
Pyramids of Giza were built which is a
subject of endless speculation because
people don't think that with prosaic
conventional you know civil engineering
techniques we can build the Pyramid so
what do you think we might have poured
the stones mied them and poured them
what does that mean poured the stones
over a long period of time concrete
turns to
Stone uh when they build a skyscraper or
a house with poured
concrete the first 25 years you live in
a house that concrete is not hard it's
hardening it takes a hundred years for
concrete to harden completely
once it hardens it then starts
converting to
Stone 10,000 20,000 years later it's
rock and if you test it it's rock and
you may say that looks an awful lot like
Granite but it may be that it was
actually mixed and poured at the time it
was set interesting okay so there are
places where the stones look like
pillows that were put in place they wrap
around other deform
deformations and look like they
literally were made out of clay and then
put in place and then got Harden so that
implies yeah hardening process basically
that's fasc it would explain the megat
tonage because you can't really carry
that in solid form well there maybe ways
you can sure so well that was the other
thing you said in that book is that
there was water that allowed for the
transport of these what I said was they
built Reed boats uhhuh they actually
harvested the stone uhhuh up the Nile
where the quaries are loaded the stones
in the boats and brought them down and
where the pyramid is they damned it and
just flooded that whole area and as the
water level came up they rolled the
stones off the boats in place yeah
interesting yeah that's I mean such what
a sophisticated amazing use of nature
yeah
why not and what do you think the
purpose of the pyramid was this is also
a subject of endless speculation I think
it's a
transmitter okay M of signal whatever
they want to whoever they want to talk
to you know go back to the time of their
creation and figure out where they're
pointed you well or Ryan's Belt before
this last uh procession around the North
Star Polaris uh it mapped fully to
Ryan's Belt okay so this was I think
around 10,600 BC is when it shifted and
before that uh you know yeah map to
Ryan's Belt which is always uh the place
in across mythologies and civilizations
uh it's the place the souls would Ascend
through the the path of souls uh that
idea that on death we our soul makes a
kind of leap up to the heavens and then
makes a journey along the Milky Way uh
and that that journey is full of
challenges and difficulties uh on which
we will be assessed for the use we made
of the Incredible Gift of Life uh that
idea is found all over the world
supposedly yeah supposedly yeah maybe
that's how we went back to rinville
maybe it's it's a emitter of us oh
that's we don't know yeah maybe they're
sort of a Celestial Ascent CH I can tell
you there's ways of using the uh
Chambers and things within the pyramid
chemically to make emitters interesting
you can make a giant emitter out of it
emitter of what everything from light to
whatever you want to emit frequency wise
that's so fascinating have you ever
remote viewed the crucifixion no I
unfortunately cannot pick my targets
because then I would know what I'm
looking at so to be blind it has to be
somebody else picks my targets you've
never gotten curious though and said
like okay I have this pretty amazing
about a lot of stuff yeah but you want
to stay disciplined about being tough
yeah if I'm going to do a remote viewing
it's got to be within protocol have you
ever been tasked with remote viewing any
historical events that are religious and
nature yes anything you but they they
weren't Western religion they were
something else like
what
um I got I was targeted on sometimes
temples and things in Japan temples like
Shinto temples no not Shinto way before
Shinto like when uh back around 249 ad
there is a record in the Royal cart
Court of
China uh a woman named himiko uhuh and
himo exchanged ambassadors with the
Royal Court of China she's the only
female Empress that ever existed wow she
ruled for 76 years there's virtually no
records of
her and she ruled in peace uhuh
she converted all Japan from hunting
gathering for which the Warlords
constantly fought over
territory to the rice culture which
locked him down to the land stopped all
the Waring so she was also a shaman she
had her own Temple her mother did her
grandmother
did uh she came from two of the most
powerful families one on uh hu Island
and one on uh the tip of the main island
down
south I was hired to do remote viewing
and then we would go over to Japan and
look at the places I said things
existed and we think we believe that we
found her her Summer Palace her Winter
Palace her Temple her mother's Temple
and her barri Mountain wow and
why were you tasked with looking into
this there's a group in in Japan they're
mostly from
okanawa um I'm not going to pronounce
this correctly but it's called the noai
group and what they do is they try to
develop proof of Mythology that's
recorded now since there's this short
little line on her in the Royal Court of
China they know she existed they know
that the Emperor of China gave her uh
ghost mirrors gave her a gold ring gave
her some other gifts and exchanged
ambassadors with her but that's the only
proof is that one line written in the
records of the Royal Court of China so
everything else about her is a myth and
what we did is we demith it by showing
those things as belonging to her and did
you anything special about her she
clearly was this remarkable leader she
introduced the rice culture to Japan she
Consolidated all of what existed then
and called it Japan MH
she re she ensured that there were no
wars fought between the Warlords anymore
all the Warlords won the marrier she was
absolutely
gorgeous but she could read their minds
too and she would just show up when they
were playing to do something and they
always wondered how did she know wow
that kind of thing incredible I mean
there's just so many things that she's
known
for and uh there was this Sudden Change
in Japan at her time so there's about 70
years of total peace there where that
was allowed to
happen your aformentioned colleague Inga
Swan wrote a book called penetration
yeah and it's one of the weirdest books
I've ever read in my life yeah where he
talks about remote doing his normal
remote viewing work and then he is uh
approached by a guy named Axel Rod right
and it's a guy in a suit and he's very
mysterious he blindfolds Ingo Ino goes
to you know some deep underground
location and they see a UFO together and
then he's told to remote view uh the
Dark Side of the Moon and he sees an
alien base on the dark side of the moon
and then he says some really interest he
ends the book around Theory and he says
that there are there's space side and
there's earth side and they're almost
alien spaces and they're Earthly you
know U man in woman spaces you human
spaces and uh what do you make of all
this well I knew inro really well and I
will tell you that when he was writing a
book he always talked about it he would
come into the lab and he would say uh
this is where I went the last couple
days this is how I'm writing and this is
what wrote and he even let some people
read part of the
manuscript uh he was very clear about
what he was doing and he talked about it
a lot before it was published
penetration came right out of the clear
blue never spoke a word of it it just
suddenly
appeared I think he's playing a game
really personally yeah and what was the
game he wants to see how far he can take
people maybe I don't know you think he
was mess I have no idea but I can tell
you that he never wanted to discuss it
he said read the book that's all he ever
said well he would say things like I was
at the uh groceries doing you know
buying fruit or whatever in the in the
fruit produce aisle and I see a an alien
on Earth and I know she's an alien and
she realizes that I recognize her and
she's ravishing or something it's just
so strange it's like yeah it is strange
so you think he was sort of uh playing
game playing game that's interesting
playing a game that's my feeling mhm but
then uh we were eating dinner one night
and he said I finally figured you out
Joe and I said you did what did you
figure out he said that you're an iconic
clastic son of a
and I said geez zingo I didn't
know you cared and that night when we
got back to the motel our two rooms were
side by side uhhuh when he put his key
in his lock I put my key in my lock we
turned the locks and he went into his
room and I pretended to go in mine uh
backed out locked the door and ran down
to the office and I said do you have a
tharus or dictionary uhhuh she said why
and I said I don't know what iconic
classic
means what it means is I'm a destroyer
Destroyer or dispro of structure uhhuh
if somebody says this is why this
happened I'll show you why it isn't okay
um I don't buy anything and I'm unless I
have evaluated it myself gone through
all the jumps and you know checked
everything and then I might say in all
probability this is true I do find it
interesting we're sitting amidst a UFO
craze right now like it's we're Peak
Mania when it comes to UFOs in the
Zeitgeist where you everybody's talking
about disclosure uh sometimes in healthy
ways other times in weird unhealthy ways
with kind of ulterior motives and
agendas and a lot of the early interest
in UFOs did come out of the remote
viewing community and I do I find it
interesting you have a guy like Hal put
off move on from remote viewing he's
still you know interested in it
obviously but he goes on to work on sort
of like secret science lineage stuff
alongside UFOs right and then you have
Russell tar being like I'm kind of
skeptical of UFOs so what do you make of
that well I I know both of them really
well and I know why house interested I
also know jacqu fet for a long time y I
know him really well almost everybody I
knew John Ma you knew John mat I was in
England when he was there and I sat at
the table with him and we talked about
some stuff when he died that day he died
yes oh Jesus he remembered a paper in
his hotel and he went back to get it and
looked the wrong way when he stepped off
the curb hey conspiratorial about that
no okay no it was a honest accident M
you know Americans look the other way
and the cab killed him that was doing 50
m an hour yeah so he never if he had
looked the right way he would have seen
that they drive on the wrong side of the
road right so but but I know all these
people and I know they have an honest
interest in the reality of is it or is
it not okay that's fun
and I'm agreeing with them there's a guy
named Ryan wood that I know really well
I knew his father even better Bob Wood
yeah bobwood and I went to a number of
Crash sites with him which all turned
out to be our planes really yes well he
doesn't think that Ryan no he does about
some of them because we found evidence
of it and we talked to people who were
actually there they're in their 80s but
he wouldn't say Roswell or kbur was no
I'm talking about the ones that I was
with him on he's gone to a lot of sight
sure yeah I only went to two or three
with him you wrote a great book about
all this yeah
so you know there's a lot about that and
now I've had UFOs shown to me in blow up
photographs by some of those people you
told me that you told me jacqu valet
showed you a photo of a UFO coming out
Lake yeah and he was he kept saying to
me check it out I check it out
he said did you see what I'm seeing I
said what he said look at it I looked at
it looked at it looked at it and I
finally said maybe I'm not seeing what
you're seeing and you missed the you
don't see you didn't see the UFO in the
lake no I saw the UFO ah he said look at
the cows every cow in that picture was
looking at the
UFO so I want to see this photo the
pilot never saw it I'm G to call Ja it
flew right in front of his plane the
pilot never saw it oh so so there's
plenty of evidence of UFOs um so there
probably are what do you think the UFOs
are could be alien might not be the
problem I have is when people say the
GRS are aliens no they're not they're
robots that's what every that's what the
smartest people I know say is that
they're sort of droid likee robots they
are because they're single-minded they
have a function they do their function
and that's it and the fun is sort of
this
cold implantation genetic collection
game collection and why are they doing
that and they say oh they they look like
this but they have no nose and no mouth
well of course not robotic who are they
doing that collection on behalf of maybe
the people that sent them here you got
to realize if if we have any interaction
with aliens it's got to be from one star
to the Other M that's not done with a
UFO or a fir wagon that's an
instantaneous junp this planet to this
planet they don't even need a spaceship
to do it because they're never in space
do you think we have the capabilities of
doing that so sending people to other
okay no but you think maybe some other
planets have the capabilities to do that
is there a million years ahead of us yes
yep
now a lot of people
are concerned about the threat the what
are they here for why are they messing
with us and I will tell you if they have
that capacity to jump St a star they've
been here a long time if they men us
harm we would have been toast a long
time ago yeah okay so why are they here
here maybe it's because we're doing
something that they don't necessarily
approve of the first UFO ever recorded
was within 7 Days of the detonation of
the first atomic weapon in Trinity in
New
Mexico that's the first one that ever
appeared ever since then they've had a
huge interest in our Atomic
weapons they've zeroed them out they've
denatured them so they won't go off and
the last one that Putin tried to to
launch MH as a test exploded in its Silo
so there's other reasons that we don't
understand we're notay attention you're
saying Putin made an attempt and a nuke
as a warning he probably took the nuke
off the top and launched out of a
nuclear storage facility but it exploded
possibly due to UFO inside the nuclear
storage facility record of this yeah
well as far as I know yeah I didn't I
didn't not aware of this that's amazing
most people aren't but that's what he
tried to do as a warning wow he's
constantly saying oh well I'm going to
have to use a n oh constantly he and
meddev or it's dog whistles of nuclear
war constantly and yeah you know I think
he has a tattoo that saids which is
stupid because yeah that's the end of
the world because our retaliation is not
going to be just Russia yeah it'll be
China Russia tyan North Korea everybody
who has a nuke that we can get hit by
yeah and if we do that the whole world's
toast I remember being on the phone with
you once and I asked you about aliens
and you said I think we might be turning
into them Oh I thought what I think I
said was I'm not sure we aren't alien
yeah but it was almost like they were a
future version of us too might be might
not be I wouldn't pretend to know what
their interest is or what their desire
is all I can say is I don't think they
mean us any harm they're concerned about
our inability to
improve can we get these uh negatives on
the the photos on Mars I I can show you
one or two that'd be amazing I can send
it to you that'd be
awesome but I'm not going to send you a
bunch of them I'll send you one or two
whatever you want that are absolutely
for
sure that's remarkable Manar that's
incredible well I appreciate that and
that that means a lot um Joe 2025 feels
like it's getting really weird it is
getting weird you have a convergence of
all sorts of like Tech singularities
with AI and Quantum chips and uh the the
UFO thing has become this just mad craze
and then geopolitically things feel like
a total Powder Keg like as unstable as
they've ever been mhm what do you see
coming down the pike are we going to
make contact with aliens are we going to
destroy ourselves are we going to make
it
through I think I think at the last
minute we're going to have a direct
interaction with them and it's going to
be straighten up flyright the AL or we
will ensure you fly right the aliens the
aliens will they're going to say you
guys better get your act together right
or see here's my my
belief Humanity
is meant to improve to grow to learn to
be
better right now we're stuck in a period
of great aest greed
money that
almost it's hard to tell when somebody
has any kind of a baseline in Morality
or ethics it's it's like it's a bad
feeling and it's scaring
people I think the aliens are here to
stabilize that to stop that crap you
know like grow up because
Humanity needs to improve because right
now we're at 7 and A5 billion people no
we're at 9 billion
plus we sto being able to produce
sufficient food to feed people at 7 and
A5 billion I don't know you you probably
weren't old enough to remember a time
when the or could go to a place and buy
excess food from the government for
virtually nothing 5B block of cheese for
a buck right stuff like that there is no
excess anymore there are people dying of
starvation who can't get food and yet we
keep having more more babies the reason
for the increase in population has to do
with the old old people in order to be
cared for in a in a most countries where
they have no retirement no care about
the people nothing at all to do with the
people that get old they rely on their
families to take care of them to protect
them if they have eight children they
have a possible chance of survival at an
old age even if they lose half their
kids the disease or whatever those
remaining four or five kids will take
care of them in their old age they won't
starve to death or die ugly the problem
is that's not good because we keep
increasing the numbers the way it should
be governments exist because the people
want them the people design governments
to support them it should be all about
the people it's not about making profit
it's not about saving money it's not
about low taxes it's not about any of
that crap it's about what the people
want the people get and the people are
taxed for a amen um straight up there's
no corruption are there that's what's
necessary are there any alien bases
you've remote viewed on Earth where we
might be able to okay there there're I
did the three bases that uh that
supposedly are alien bases I drew all
three of them and all three of them when
I drew them back then were classified so
I could never talk about them publicly
but I told my the people who tased me
what they were I could say it now
because it's known they're over the
horizon radar sites okay that's why our
entire du system went away because we
have bases in the world which are
designed to look over The Horizon so if
Russia or China were to launch a weapon
when it's a couple hundred feet off the
launch tube we'll see it not eight
minutes before it hits us on apex on
that very sober note Joseph mcmonagle
this has been an honor I appreciate your
time man and this is a a really wide
ranging incredibly informative interview
and uh thank you for having us oh you're
welcome man and you can come back again
if you want appreciate you awesome